Andelabs for day 4 exercises
Contains missing_number.py and BinarySearch.py
Well, it has been quite a journey. Throughout my life, I have never witnessed such a rigorous program before. There are a whooping five stages before one can become an Andela fellow! I believe this design is crafted in this way so that only the very passionate of individuals can push on to become world class developers. I can attest to this since I almost gave up along the way.  However, the passion and zeal that I have for this program can not allow me to do such thing.

Andela is not for the weak, it is not for the faint hearted, it is not for people who are not sure whether they really want to become world class developers. It is for people who can honestly say "TIA". Let me give you a picture about what the competition really looks like: There are slightly over 1000 applications to Andela. Out of this number, about 150 of us were invited for the interview. Out of this number, about 60 of us passed the interview and were called for the home clinic labs. When I am talking about a clinic, I literally mean that. The kind of stuff that one needs to study are so many and mind engaging that it leaves one looking sick and mentally exhausted at the end of the day:- talk about the kind of stamina that it takes to become a world class developer! Now, back to track; out the the sixty of us, only 15 individuals will be selected to join the fellowship! This is why I will always keep on reminding you; TIA

Learning python started as recenty as 4 weeks ago, when I applied to Andela and then realised that I needed to solve all challenges presented using the python language. Since I had the passion, I had to delve right into the language's documentation and study it.However, I have a background in java and android programming and this combination helped me grasp the basic programming logic required with python. Being a world class developer mostly entails being able to write software that is up to standard. The one very new thing that I encountered at Andela is is that one needs to test his/her software before they can actually have it set up.Well, it has been quite a journey. Throughout my life, I have never witnessed such a rigorous program before. There are a whooping five stages before one can become an Andela fellow! I believe this design is crafted in this way so that only the very passionate of individuals can push on to become world class developers. I can attest to this since I almost gave up along the way.  However, the passion and zeal that I have for this program can not allow me to do such thing.

Andela is not for the weak, it is not for the faint hearted, it is not for people who are not sure whether they really want to become world class developers. It is for people who can honestly say "TIA". Let me give you a picture about what the competition really looks like: There are slightly over 1000 applications to Andela. Out of this number, about 150 of us were invited for the interview. Out of this number, about 60 of us passed the interview and were called for the home clinic labs. When I am talking about a clinic, I literally mean that. The kind of stuff that one needs to study are so many and mind engaging that it leaves one looking sick and mentally exhausted at the end of the day:- talk about the kind of stamina that it takes to become a world class developer! Now, back to track; out the the sixty of us, only 15 individuals will be selected to join the fellowship! This is why I will always keep on reminding you; TIA

Learning python started as recenty as 4 weeks ago, when I applied to Andela and then realised that I needed to solve all challenges presented using the python language. Since I had the passion, I had to delve right into the language's documentation and study it.However, I have a background in java and android programming and this combination helped me grasp the basic programming logic required with python. Being a world class developer mostly entails being able to write software that is up to standard. The one very new thing that I encountered at Andela is is that one needs to test his/her software before they can actually have it set up.